LIST OF TAGS IN THE GAME, sorted by number of characters with this trait:

Current to January 7, 2017 (Nagisa)

COMMON TRAITS (6+ characters)

confident: 11 characters
kind: 10 characters
shy: 9 characters
blonde: 7 characters
innocent: 6 characters

UNCOMMON TRAITS (3-5 characters)

bi-curious: 5 characters
bisexual: 5 characters
ginger: 5 characters
straight: 5 characters
cheerful: 5 characters
princess: 4 characters
shaved: 4 characters
mean: 4 characters
sporty: 4 characters
glasses: 3 characters
hairy: 3 characters
tomboy: 3 characters
creepy: 3 characters
silent: 3 characters
school_uniform: 3 characters

RARE TRAITS (1-2 characters)

brave: 2 characters
serious: 2 characters
lesbian: 1 character
funny: 1 character
sarcastic: 1 character
nerdy: 1 character
aggressive: 1 character
exhibitionist: 1 character
Japanese: 1 character
pierced_nipples: 1 character
